[docs] Updated WSL installation guide to include GPU driver installation (#4856)
organicmaps/organicmaps: docs/INSTALL.md

#### Windows 11 (WSL)

> To run Linux GUI apps, you'll need to install a driver matching your system (see below). This enables a virtual GPU allowing hardware accelerated OpenGL rendering.

Reviewer: Does it make sense to link the corresponding MS article?

Author: I can do - would you prefer this as well as the current text or as a replacement?

Reviewer: What do you think? IMO MS will update relevant info if necessary, while our copy may become outdated some day.

Author: I feel the same, the only reason I did it like this was that [those instructions](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/tutorials/gui-apps) are a small section to a larger article, so I wasn't sure it would be that clear. 

That was probably a bit overboard, I'm happy to change it if you think otherwise.

Reviewer: The article covers it in full, that's great. What about this?

```suggestion
To run Linux GUI apps, you'll need to [install a driver](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/tutorials/gui-apps) matching your system. This enables a virtual GPU allowing hardware-accelerated OpenGL rendering.
```
And remove everything that is below?

- [Intel GPU Driver](https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/download/19344/intel-graphics-windows-dch-drivers.html)
- [AMD GPU Driver](https://www.amd.com/en/support)
- [NVIDIA GPU DRIVER](https://www.nvidia.com/Download/index.aspx?lang=en-us)

> Once a GPU driver is installed and you have [built the app](#building-1) you should be able to [run](#running) it without any additional steps.

Reviewer: Does that `#building-1` link work?

Author: Yeah it does
